Kizuna AI: Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
A: Today!
A: Some guests have joined us!
A: Horiemon-san and Terada-san
A: Because this is your first time on A.I. Channel,
Horie: Ah, yes
A: Please introduce yourselves!
H: Excuse me
H: Well, I'm Horie Takafumi
H:  Pleased to meet you
Tera: I work as an assistant on a program
T: called the Horiemon Channel,
T: My name is Terada Yuki
T: But,
T: Because, I think you may not know the reason why I’m appearing this way
T: Well, I actually took this data
T: through Horiemon Channel 3 years ago
T: And came here to play using that 3D data
But this is from three years ago
H: That’s right, you did it boldly
T: Right
A: Boldly!
H: Boldly used ancient data
T: That's right, that's right
H: Well, doing this kind of surprise attack
A, T: Ahaha...
H: It was my staff
H: That did this...
A; The real one is
A: suuuuper
A: beautiful
T: Ahaha
A: And so, you two
A: how does it feel coming into the 3D realm?
H: I feel nothing
A: But that's the selling point
A: How about you, Terada-san?
T:: Well, ummm, I want to move!
H: You moved, you moved
T: I'm so happy
H: You moved
A: Your deepest desire came true
T: Well, Even though I came all this way,
H: Yeah
T: I'm THIS!? That's how I feel
A: But Terada-san, you're so beautiful
H: Yes
AI: I don't think you're a person to make fun of
H: You know, She's always being made fun of
AI: Ah! Really?
H: Yes, really
T: Yes, really
H: Um, In Horiemon Channel
H: Well, You appeared too, Kizuna AI-chan
A: Yes
H: We have a question corner
H: (Q) I'm an IT employee and I have such and such worries
H: Questions
H: like that came
H: And she read it as
H: IT Hijika
A: Hahaha
[ 〇 IT Employee
× IT Hijika ]
(She misreads the kanji)
AI: She's clumsy, right?
[ 〇 IT Employee
× IT Hijika ]
(She misreads the kanji)
T: Hahaha, I'm clumsy
H: But you know
H: Aren't clumsy people popular?
A: But I'm
A: Always being called clumsy
A: Today I could tell someone else she's clumsy
A: I'm very happy
T: And with that, today
T: We're on A.I Channel but what are we going to do?
A: Right! A.I. Channel
A: What are we going to do?
A: I thought today we could have a little debate together
A: But rather than debating
A: I want to play
A: Because I want to play
A: Shall we play a game of Shiritori?
H: Oooh that sounds good
T: Ooh
A: 3 letter Shiritori
A: If you lose...
T: He'll have to say an extremely cool phrase
A: Ah! I want you to say them!
T: Hahaha
A: If you lose Terada-san
T: Yes
A: Well
A: I want you to give me a little confession...
A: But if I lose...
H: Maybe you'll do a backflip...
A: Backfliiiip!
T: Ahaha
H: Backflip!
H: Then make you can perform the Lantern Festival Dance for us
A: Well If I win it doesn't matter
A: Ah, lantern festival dance, that sounds good
A: 3 letter shiritori
Everyone: Yaay!
A: Kizuna
H: Natsu (summer)
A, T: Ahahaha
H: I lost already?
AI: You already lost
A: Countdown until you say some cool lines
A: 3, 2, 1, Kyuu!
H: Let's celebrate with a toast... for your eyes
H: I feel like I'm really being made fun of, I don't like it
AI: Ehehe, you don't like it? Ehehehe
H: This is an uncomfortable atmosphere, I am I going to be okay here?
A: Let's go again!
A: One more time!
H: Sounds good
A: Let's do it
T: Time for revenge
H: Okay, I'll start
A: Ah, Ah, that's fine
A: 3 character shiritori
Everyone: Yaay!
H: Ball
T: Ruby
A: Beer
H: Ru...
H: Eh, hold on, you said beer!?
T: Ahaha
A: Aaaahhh!!
H: Doesn't ruby end with "ii"?
A: You lost
A: I didn't say anything about a rule like that. You lose
T: Ahahahaha...
A: Well, there's nothing you can do now, so
A: Please tell me "I love you"
A: Terada-san
H: Yes
T: Ai-chan, I love you
A: Thank you very much
T: Hahaha
T: AI-chan THIS THING just said that to you
A: Um, Manager-san, if you come again, well
A: In a few days, please send me, a video of Terada-san
T: Ahaha
H: What happened here, let's just, wipe everything
T: AI-chan, I love you
H: Next time I'll bring a gift, okay?
A: Ah!! A gift~!
A: Anyway I was only playing around. This was a fun type of video
A: Is that okay?
H: I think that's fine
A: Is it, huh?
A, H: It's totally fine
A: On Horiemon channel,
A: We talked about a variety of things, right?
H: Yes, quite a bit
H: We had a serious talk there
A: Right, we did
A: If you'd like go watch that video
H: AI-chan...
H: You did things like love counseling
A: Yes, exactly
H: Right
A: And so, this was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI,
H: with Hoireta Kafumi,
T: and Terada Yuki
A: One, two
Everyone: See you next time!
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by Akira
Proofread by Lacrymac
Timed and transcribed by Dokuro Fantastic